feature: Move gitlabEnterprise configuration to file CY-1354 (#367)
codacy/chart: docs/configuration/git-providers/gitlab-enterprise.md

# GitLab Enterprise

## GitLab Application

Follow the instructions below to set up the Codacy integration with GitLab Cloud:

> 1.  Create a new application in `<gitlabEnterprise url>/profile/applications`, where `<gitlabEnterprise url>` is the url of your own GitLab Enterprise instance, pointing to your local Codacy deployment URL with `api`, `read user` and `read repository` scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1.  Create a new application in `<gitlabEnterprise url>/profile/applications`, where `<gitlabEnterprise url>` is the URL of your own GitLab Enterprise instance, pointing to your local Codacy instance URL with `api`, `read user` and `read repository` scopes.
```

>     You'll need to add the following 'Redirect URI'. Make sure to update your protocol to use either http or https and your hostname as well. Keep in mind this field is case sensitive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You'll need to add the following "Redirect URI", making sure to update both your protocol to use either HTTP or HTTPS and your hostname as well. Keep in mind that this field is case sensitive.
```

Reviewer: The user must enter all the URIs, right? Are they entered one in each field, or all of them in the same field? :thinking:

Author: All of them are entered in the same field

    ```
    https://codacy.example.com/login/GitLab
    https://codacy.example.com/add/addPermissions/GitLab
    https://codacy.example.com/add/addProvider/GitLab
    https://codacy.example.com/add/addService/GitLab
    ```

2.  Edit the file `values-production.yaml`, set `global.gitlab.enabled: "true"` and define the remaining values with the information obtained when you created the GitLab Application:

    ```yaml
    gitlab:

>       enabled: true

Reviewer: At least for GitHub Cloud this didn't work for me without the quotes!

```suggestion
      enabled: "true"
```
